---
layout: post
title: "Life Updates Dec 2017"
categories: journal
tags: [journal]
image:
  # Feature: 1024x600 pixels
  # Teaser: 1024x380 pixels
  feature: cuba_beach.JPG
  teaser: cuba_beach-teaser.JPG
  credit: Josh Soucie
  creditlink: ""
---


These 5 books that have made a significant impact on my professional career and also on the way I pursue issues in my personal life.

The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business - Charles Duhigg


New Seeds of Contemplation - Thomas Merton

The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People - Stephen Covey

Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less - Greg McKeown
	Instead of getting a million things done in all directions and accomplishing little, what if you focused all of your energy to get one thing done? That is the premise of Greg McKeown’s book and something that I needed to hear at exactly this point in my life (although it probably wouldn’t have hurt me to read it earlier!)
	My interests have always been varying - from middle and high school when I played nearly every sport, to the last year in which I’ve made some progress learning about 7 coding languages.

Will it Fly? - Pat Flynn
	Will it Fly? is a book aimed at anyone who has an idea for a business or product that they’d like to pursue. I had initially purchased the book on a whim (it was part of a GoodReads sale) and also started it on a whim (I was just looking through the books on my Kindle for something new to start), but it quickly became life-changing for me.
	In the first two chapters, [the author] starts not by doing any of the fun things one usually associates with a new business - brainstorming excellent names - but rather, starts by asking the reader to identify what it is that makes them tick. After all, as [author] points out in the first few chapters, the most significant factor of how well your business does and whether or not you enjoy the fruits of your labor is if it’s meaningful and important to you. So first thing is first - spend your time determining if the idea is right for you, for your values, and for your interests. Only then, can you dive further.
	Through the thought experiments and visualization techniques in book (coupled with those in the aforementioned books, I began writing down the things I’m most interested in and where I see myself going.
